[doc] add pipeline.md (#176)
megaease/easegress: doc/cookbook/pipeline.md

# Pipeline 

- [Pipeline](#pipeline)
  - [Background](#background)
  - [Examples](#examples)
    - [Sequences executing](#sequences-executing)
    - [JumpIf](#jumpif)
  - [References](#references)

## Background

* Easegress provides many useful filters, such as rate limiter, validator, request adaptor, and so on.
* The `Pipeline` is an Easegress build-in mechanism for orchestrating HTTP filters for handling requests. It uses the `Chain of Responsibility Pattern`[1] and also supports conditional forward direction jumping.
* The `HTTPServer` receives incoming traffic and routes to one dedicated `Pipeline` in Easegress according to the HTTP header, path matching, etc.

## Examples

### Sequences executing

* The basic model of Pipeline execution is a sequence. Filters will be executed step by step in the order described by the `flow` field in Pipeline's spec.

```

>       HTTP request

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      HTTP request
```

* The `HTTPServer` receives incoming traffic and routes to one dedicated `Pipeline` in Easegress according to the HTTP header, path matching, etc.

## Examples 

### Sequences executing

* The basic model of Pipeline execution is a sequence. Filters will be executed step by step in the order described by the `flow` field in Pipeline's spec.  

```bash
$ echo '
name: pipeline-demo
kind: HTTPPipeline
flow:
  - filter: requestAdaptor
  - filter: proxy
filters:
  - name: requestAdaptor
    kind: RequestAdaptor
    header:
      set:
        X-Adapt-Key: goodplan
  - name: proxy
    kind: Proxy
    mainPool:
      servers:
      - url: http://127.0.0.1:9095
      - url: http://127.0.0.1:9096
      - url: http://127.0.0.1:9097
      loadBalance:
        policy: roundRobin' | egctl object create
```
* The `pipeline-demo` above will execute `rateLimiter` filter first, then `proxy`. So the `proxy` filter can forward the request with the header `X-Adapt-Key` setting by `requestAdaptor`.  

### JumpIf

> * Easegress' filter supports return execution result string message. If it's empty, that means these filters handle the request without failure. Otherwise, Easegress will   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Easegress' filter returns a string message as execution result. If it's empty, that means these filters handle the request without failure. Otherwise, Easegress will   
```

And this sentence seems incomplete.

Author: Updated
